be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/MoreInfoController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.MoreInfoController
<<<<<<< HEAD
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/WinkelAddController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.WinkelAddController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Game.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Game
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Uitgever.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Uitgever
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerkoopbaarMoreInfoController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerkoopbaarMoreInfoController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/interfaces/VerkoopbaarApiInterface.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.interfaces.VerkoopbaarApiInterface
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/DbConnection.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.DbConnection
be/kuleuven/dbproject/interfaces/BuyScreenInterface.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.interfaces.BuyScreenInterface
=======
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Genre.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Genre
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/CreateAccountTweedeController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.CreateAccountTweedeController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Uitgever.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Uitgever
be/kuleuven/dbproject/ProjectMain.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.ProjectMain
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/User.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.User
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/DbConnection.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.DbConnection
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/HomePageController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.HomePageController
>>>>>>> bfce0d4de801ef3a8b63d4e3c7b3add1e62f6319
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/UitgeverApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.UitgeverApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/GenreAddController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.GenreAddController
<<<<<<< HEAD
be/kuleuven/dbproject/VisualFilter.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.VisualFilter
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Extra.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Extra
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Genre.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Genre
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/enums/Console.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.enums.Console
be/kuleuven/dbproject/interfaces/VerkoopbaarInterface.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.interfaces.VerkoopbaarInterface
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/UitgeverAddScherm.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.UitgeverAddScherm
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/enums/Type.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.enums.Type
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/HomePageController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.HomePageController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/RoutingController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.RoutingController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/ProjectMain.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.ProjectMain
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Winkel.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Winkel
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/WinkelApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.WinkelApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/GenreApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.GenreApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerkoopbaarAddController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerkoopbaarAddController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/ExtraApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.ExtraApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/CreateAccountTweedeController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.CreateAccountTweedeController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerkoopbaarController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerkoopbaarController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/CreatAccountBeginController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.CreatAccountBeginController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/LoginController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.LoginController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AdminController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AdminController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/UitgeleendeGameController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.UitgeleendeGameController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/User.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.User
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/FactuurController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.FactuurController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/GameApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.GameApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Factuur.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Factuur
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/UserApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.UserApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/FilterSchermController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.FilterSchermController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/PaneHolderController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.PaneHolderController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerkoopbaarBuySchermController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerkoopbaarBuySchermController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/CreateAccountDerdeController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.CreateAccountDerdeController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/ProjectMainController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.ProjectMainController
=======
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/ProjectMainController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.ProjectMainController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/RoutingController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.RoutingController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/interfaces/BuyScreenInterface.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.interfaces.BuyScreenInterface
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/enums/Console.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.enums.Console
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/GenreApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.GenreApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/UitgeverAddController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.UitgeverAddController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/enums/Type.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.enums.Type
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/ExtraApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.ExtraApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerkoopbaarAddController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerkoopbaarAddController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerkoopbaarMoreInfoController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerkoopbaarMoreInfoController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerkoopbaarController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerkoopbaarController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/FilterSchermController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.FilterSchermController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/WinkelApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.WinkelApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Game.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Game
be/kuleuven/dbproject/interfaces/VerkoopbaarApiInterface.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.interfaces.VerkoopbaarApiInterface
be/kuleuven/dbproject/interfaces/VerkoopbaarInterface.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.interfaces.VerkoopbaarInterface
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/PaneHolderController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.PaneHolderController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Factuur.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Factuur
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Extra.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Extra
be/kuleuven/dbproject/VisualFilter.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.VisualFilter
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/GameApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.GameApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/Winkel.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.Winkel
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/WinkelAddController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.WinkelAddController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/FactuurController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.FactuurController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/model/api/UserApi.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.model.api.UserApi
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/CreatAccountBeginController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.CreatAccountBeginController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/VerkoopbaarBuySchermController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.VerkoopbaarBuySchermController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/LoginController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.LoginController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/AdminController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.AdminController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/CreateAccountDerdeController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.CreateAccountDerdeController
be/kuleuven/dbproject/controller/UitgeleendeGameController.java
 be.kuleuven.dbproject.controller.UitgeleendeGameController
>>>>>>> bfce0d4de801ef3a8b63d4e3c7b3add1e62f6319
